I hate Mondays.
Once again I'm saved by the miracle of...lasagna!
If you are patient...and wait long enough...Nothing will happen!
Good times are ahead! Or behind. Because they sure aren't here.
You know it's Monday when you wake up, and it's Tuesday.
The most active thing about me is my imagination.
With due respect to Will Rogers, I never met a lasagna I didn't like.
Love me, feed me, never leave me.
Diet is 'die' with a 't.'
Oh no! I overslept! I'm late! For my nap.
Eat every meal as though it were your last.
I am hungry. Therefore I am.
If you want to look thinner, hang around people fatter than you.
I think I'm going to blow cat chow chunks.
This is it. I've reached the pinnacle of laziness and gluttony..How depressing. There's no place to go after you've reached the top!
I'm not messy. I'm organizationally challenged!
All I do is eat and sleep. Eat and sleep. Eat and sleep. There must be more to a cat's life than that. But I hope not.
When the lasagna content in my blood gets low, I get mean.
A little ego goes nowhere.
I'm not over-weight, I'm under-tall.
The meek shall inherit squat.
You can bet it wasn't an exercise freak who invented power steering.
I'll rise, but I won't shine.
I eat too much because I'm depressed and I'm depressed because I eat too much. It's a vicious circle..that took years to perfect!
I shall now attempt to eat a diet lunch consisting of one leaf of lettuce lightly seasoned with..one quart of Mayonnaise.
If people were meant to pop out bed we'd all sleep in toasters.
Odie, let's talk effort versus return here. You know, you can still lead a pointless life without all that running around.
Deep fry it.
Anybody can exercise...But this kind of lethargy takes real discipline.
Avoid fruits and nuts: after all, you are what you eat.
If you want to appear smarter, hang around someone stupider.
Some people have anxiety attacks, some people have gas attacks...I have nap attacks.
Never trust a smiling cat.
Show me a good mouser, and I'll show you a cat with bad breath.
Would you be willing to lead a parade in celebration of the lazy life? If the answer is yes...you're all wrong for lazy week.
That was a good breakfast. Now I think I'll just fall off the "Catkin's" diet...and get myself a high-fat chaser. Mmm.
As you can see, I'm still Jon's favorite.
Great. Wish me luck with the nightmares.
Did I mention I rolled Odie up in a blanket and stuffed him onto the top shelf of the hall closet?
What a dismal day. I think I'll stay in bed all day.
What a beautiful day. I think I'll stay in bed all day.
There's little difference in Jon's world.
You can't rush art, you big crybaby.
This is all I'll be shedding today.
Tastes like an old hyena!
Then why don't I feel like laughing?
Cue the crushing rejection.
Catch me around a mirror sometime.
It's amazing what one can do when one doesn't know what one can't do.
Timing, Garfield, timing!
Ah, nature!
Did you forget to pay the nature bill?
I hate this diet.
Hmmmm...It's that time of night. Time to sneak out to the fridge for a midnight snack.
So, what was the soup of the day?
When I diet, I get emotional.
I shall now use sheer willpower to resist eating that hamburger.
Shall we have a moment of silence for this man's dignity?